for the elbow Naevia is a photographer
with a vision when he takes pictures the
most unusual images result a belt made
of noodles or cookies an artichoke app
or a broccoli handbag is ironic way to
mix different different material and we
just try to make something that
something is interesting something that
the people doesn't aspect that was the
point to to try to seduce the people
with something that they really doesn't
expect the idea is simple first he
photographs the broccoli then the real
handbag
on the computer he brings the pictures
together to create this stunning image
was to combine the special skill to
special skill about Italy that was
fashion and and food for vo buona via
finds inspiration walking through the
streets of Milan it's here that he finds
the props for his photographic
masterpieces
his wife Christina often accompanies him
to Milan's famous via Monte Napoleone at
the heart of the fashion district which
was important I think because I can live
different pieces from different kind of
designers but I believe really much
about personal style and creating your
own style so I think that the fashion is
something that each person creates for
herself
the successful advertising executive
contributed to many of the creations
fashion designers might even be inspired
by this very tasteful collection
yeah I think that it's curious you can
even eat it if you're hungry Fulvio has
to be quick in order to capture the
ephemeral beauty of a sage bracelet
rings made from seafood and eggplant
ballerina slippers it's a little bit sad
and sometimes when what we make
something like spectacular onset and
after the day after you see the same
stuff that is dead but Fulvio bone avea
has no time to look back and more he's
already at work on his next book which
will feature the fusion of plants and
fashion